docs: Add documentation for initial interval selection date ranges (#3815)
vega/altair: doc/user_guide/interactions/parameters.rst

"""""""""""""""""""""""
The simplest interval selection is created with the :func:`selection_interval` function:

.. altair-plot::

   interval = alt.selection_interval()
   make_example(interval)

As you click and drag on the plot, your mouse creates a selection region that can be
moved to change which data points are selected.

Customizing Interval Behavior
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
The :func:`selection_interval` function accepts several arguments for customization.
For example, you can limit the selection to only the x-axis and set it so that
an empty selection contains no points:

.. altair-plot::

   interval_x = alt.selection_interval(encodings=['x'], empty=False)
   make_example(interval_x)

The ``empty=False`` argument can also be set inside :func:`when` to control
how individual conditions respond to empty selections.  
By default, `empty=True`, which means the selection predicate evaluates to 
true for *all* data points when the selection is empty.  
With `empty=False`, the predicate evaluates to false for all points when 
the selection is empty. 
This affects what happens when no data points are selected yet::

    brush = alt.selection_interval()

>     # Default behavior (empty=True): When nothing is selected, all points are gray
>     color=alt.when(brush).then("Origin:N").otherwise(alt.value("lightgray"))
> 
>     # Custom behavior (empty=False): When nothing is selected, points keep their category colors
>     color=alt.when(brush, empty=False).then(alt.value("steelblue")).otherwise("Origin:N")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Default behavior (empty=True): When no selection is made in this example, all points will be colored according to their "Origin" category (they are considered as *selected*, and colored according to the `then` clause)
    color=alt.when(brush).then("Origin:N").otherwise(alt.value("lightgray"))

    # Custom behavior (empty=False): When no selection is made in this example, all points will be lightgray (they are considered as *unselected*, and colored according to the `otherwise` clause )
    color=alt.when(brush, empty=False)..then("Origin:N").otherwise(alt.value("lightgray"))
```

I think these comments were not entirely correct previously. I changed the example to be the same so that we don't switch both the value of `empty` and `then/otherwise` at the same time.

    # Create base chart for both panels
    base = alt.Chart(source, width=600, height=200).mark_area().encode(
        x = 'date:T',
        y = 'price:Q'
    )

    # Upper panel shows detailed view filtered by the brush
    upper = base.encode(
        alt.X('date:T').scale(domain=brush)
    )

    # Lower panel shows overview with the brush control
    lower = base.properties(
        height=60
    ).add_params(brush)

    # Combine the two charts
    upper & lower

This example demonstrates an "overview+detail" pattern - a common visualization technique
where one chart shows the complete dataset while another shows a detailed view of the
selected portion.

When working with datetime values, you can use Python's native ``datetime.date`` or 
``datetime.datetime`` objects directly. Altair automatically handles the conversion of 
these objects to the appropriate format for Vega-Lite.

The format of the ``value`` parameter depends on the encodings used in the selection:

- For selections with `x` encoding: ``value={'x': [min, max]}``
- For selections with `y` encoding: ``value={'y': [min, max]}``
- For selections with both: ``value={'x': [xmin, xmax], 'y': [ymin, ymax]}``

> You can also use this feature with categorical data by specifying the categories to select. For example, to initially select only cars with 4 or 6 cylinders:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set initial values of a selection with categorical data. In this case the list/tuple specifies the exact categories to be selection rather than a range of categories. For example, to initially select only cars with 4 or 6 cylinders:
```

Since the example we use here selects based on a category that is a number, I think it is good to be explicit that it is not a range that is selected, as in the case for temporal data.

.. altair-plot::

    cylinder_select = alt.selection_interval(
        encodings=['x'],

>         value={"x": [4, 6]}  # Select 4 and 6 cylinder cars

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        value={"x": [4, 6]}  # Select 4 and 6 (but not 5) cylinder cars
```
